== HelpIsHere.org - A Project Of The Gwendolyn Strong Foundation

=== HelpIsHere.org (HIH)

HiH is a TGSF funded project with the sole focus of helping those impacted by life-altering diseases find and navigate resources specific to their disease, demographic, and geographic region. HIH is born out of our first hand experience with our daughter's SMA diagnosis at the age of 6 months. Processing a diagnosis such as SMA was difficult enough, but coping with the reality of the situation from a practical, day-to-day point of view has proven to be a full time job. In the months since our daughter's diagnosis we have found that the resources – government, national, and local – exist, and they exist in abundance, but there is no single resource, online or offline, that exists to bring all of these resources together in one, simple product. In short, HIH will answer the post-diagnosis question – "What Now?"

HiH is being done as an open source Ruby on Rails project to allow the development community to monitor and contribute ideas and suggestions.  HiH is focused on bettering the lives of those affected, directly or indirectly, by illness or disease, so any suggestions, thoughts or improvements are always appreciated.

=== The Gwendolyn Strong Foundation (TGSF)

As a witness to the degenerative cruelty of Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA), it is the intention of TGSF to pursue an end to this debilitating disease and support families who find themselves in similar unfortunate circumstances. SMA is a relatively common rare disease and yet few know of it, including those in the medical profession. It is our goal to elevate awareness of SMA, the leading genetic killer of infants, which we believe is a critical component to the endeavor of procuring a viable treatment and eventually a cure. As parents to a severely disabled and terminally-ill infant, we understand the need for assistance. It is our aim to assist other parents in their most urgent time of need. To accomplish this goal, TGSF will have three main focuses to its operations; (1) SMA research, (2) SMA awareness, and (3) family support for those impacted by life-altering diseases.
